# 2. What did you think of our service?

Whew, that was a whirlwind! While I'm not yet prepared to fully answer this as the return on investment will come with use of CI/CD, team sharing, integrations, auditing, etc as used in the real world (and the time savings of such); I feel as if Netlify does a great job of being a Swiss Army Knife for developers who don't wish to deploy their own backend.

Netlify, of course, has been infinitely easier than staring at Helm charts and troubleshooting Kubernetes, setting up load balancers, and everything that comes with it to host my own production ready app.

***

_Provide some constructive criticism or some features that impressed you._

I hope that my constructive criticism provided during my first full stack deployment in the previous sections were sufficient. As for what impressed me, I'm still jazzed about that 5 Million Devs minigame, but if pushed to answer in scope, overall, it wasn't as painful as configuring and standing up my own hosting stack by far. I have a sense that not only will I have an awesome and talented support team when I need them, I'm impressed by Netlify's SLA claims and can rest easy knowing I don't have to worry about downtime.

Another aspect is that I'm impressed with is the platform's dedication to security! SOC2, GDPR, CCPA and other certs, best practices on the backend and frontend. I'm also sure your Enterprise Customers appreciate Netlify's built in Access Controls and auditing tools, no more shared low level AWS secrets in 1Password.
