# 5. What are two major challenges around DNS configuration?

> Explain, in a couple of paragraphs, what you think are two major challenges around DNS configuration for less-technical customers hosting websites.



Depending on the client, the first litmus test would be to see if their eyes gloss over when you mention DNS, I experienced this often back when I used to consult and run my own business.

Two specific (or three) aspects of DNS configuration can boil down to several things. Assuming a web hosting lens, a user may not know how to properly configure MX Records for their custom email domain to function correctly, especially when it comes down to the specific configurations needed to ensure their outbound mail doesn't get caught by spam filters by default (hello DMARC).

A more recent example is around clustering and Kubernetes, I often troubleshooted DNS configurations to ensure the forward resolvers were pointing to the correct pods on the backend as missing a single update can easily cause downtime and other issues. I have a sense that some of that sort of work may come with this role as we obficuate the more complex configurations as part of the platform as part of the value we provide to end users.

One last gotcha is IPv6 routing. Even more seasoned networking peeps may think "what the heck" when adding a IPv6 record to `FE80:CD00:0000:0CDE:1257:0000:211E:729C:` - even though IPv6 has been with us for some time now, many are perfectly comfortable with their 127.0.0.1.
